# Shakaya


Dear Angie,

I am emailing you because I read Erica Malvo's Statement and there are false allegations/claims that are not adding up. I wish that Ms. Malvo was forthcoming about what she knows to be true about the issue. The situation with Aryanna telling me about the truck couldn't have happened since Aryanna finishes her shift at 1:30 pm and I Start my shift at 2 pm. The timelines don't add up as Aryanna was gone before I stepped in the building, So that conversation could never happen. Also, If I was on my phone while Aryanna was here, That would mean that I'm waiting to clock in and I'm not on shift yet and this confuses me at Erica Malvo is trying to say. Another point that doesn't add up is that if Uniform attendants hold all the info regarding the Uniforms, we do get the emails for the trucks and yet again that Interaction wouldn't have happened if I just walked in for my shift at that time frame. I referenced this in the previous email, We don't have access as the managers are different for Receptionists and Uniform attendants. Erica stated in her response that " I strongly believe that providing assistance to whomever is seeking it is the responsibility of the receptionist", Why is it that in her story it is ok to help other Uniform Attendants in Ms. Malvo's Scenario but not David in the situations where I helped with no question. Front desk is a team effort and that has been nothing new, I can speak for myself as I said before in previous emails that I've helped David and I've taken my breaks in order to do so. When the uniform attendant gets requests for stuff in the afternoon it is a rush of employees, The process takes a minute with sorting, Signing off, Emails and getting employees their respective sizes/gear.  The issue is that no matter what signs we put up or how much we try to differentiate who does what at the desk, The employees will see a familiar face, automatically assume that everyone at the desk does everything, handles everything even though it is out of our jurisdiction and we have made it clear countless times. 

Erica said that she got complaints but when I met with My Manager, (The same day I wrote the email when she debriefed both me and my fellow college on 11/8/24), My attitude was never in question with my job. What was in question was why my manager was getting complaints about the front desk not being able to do Uniform Attendant responsibilities. We went over this in the previous email, Receptionists don't have access since they have their own setup, procedures, & their own Manager that supervises all things uniform. If Erica Malvo was getting complaints about me, She would have known my schedule to know that I couldn't have spoken to Aryanna about the truck as our timelines don't match up with her story. Plus, She wouldn't get complaints as she claims because she is not my manager, and it would have been brought to my manager (Keyona) who would have addressed me about it and/or have a report. Plus, we simply don't have the keys that they have access to the room to get uniforms when the uniform attendants aren't here. To be clear Ms. Malvo was incorrect as David was out sick the past couple of days and Aryanna is gone before my shift and that leaves just me as the one person at the desk for some days for the pm shift. Because of this people would come to the front desk and ask me for uniforms, I would tell them the working hours of the uniform attendants, I'd take their names down for when the Uniform attendant comes back and let them know if the uniform attendant was out for the day. This even caught the attention of operation managers like Luc Duroc and etc. that were looking for uniforms for his employees during the day, Came before my shift to do so and couldn't as there was no one to assist them. I had to explain that I don't have physical access with logins to complete the uniform process to its entirety.

Erica Malvo consistently said through her responses that she is not aware of complaints in the building. She doesn't understand why the soda incident and the check incident was brought up, but it contradicts her statement. After the soda incident, Erica pushed for it to be addressed to the group in text and the result of that action was that we were told to not touch the uniform attendant side moving forward. That was stated on text and I'm Confused why her statement would be " I strongly believe that providing assistance to whomever is seeking it is the responsibility of the receptionist", this creates a conflict of responsibilities in her point. The check incident was brought up because that happened right before I moved up to the lead position and I walked in for my shift and saw the wrong check go out, Both Aryanna and Erika whispered to each other about it being secretive, to hide it and did not relay the incident that I saw. I move with Integrity so I put it in the chat in that moment since that was right after Both Erica and Aryanna had that incident with the police coming for an employees missing bag that was held behind the counter on My day off and Erika Salce tried to say that I had knowledge of her letting someone leave a bag behind the counter while she was leaving when I clearly was not there when she did nor was I informed on this. I put it into the chat since I refused to be dragged into an issue I'm not responsible for. This is an issue where I played my part to avoid on my end just so others could avoid accountability. This is the second time there have been employees trying to place the blame on me for instances where I wasn't even at Do&Co since it was my day off and it's safe to say that I feel targeted as both claims don't add up when I wasn't at the site when it happened. 


This whole incident stemmed from communication issues when it comes to doing our part at the front desk. The complaint to Keyona was simply because employees couldn't be served on the UA side, but the complaint said front desk, She realized after the same situation came along the next day and it was documented to her to which she understood why we can't fulfill UA requests. There are bigger issues that Erika is not aware of while she's making claims and we barely work together. For example, I had to manage the overnight crew that does deep cleaning because they showed up with no prior notification and without ID's. If I did not stop them from just coming through the back and making sure that they sign up on the kiosk to get some form of proper identification (Doing The duties of Security), They would be in the building roaming free with all the pressures of the building being under surveillance. This is the same issue that I expressed in previous emails before and this leads the front desk to take on tasks besides our regular duties ( This includes people stealing supplies, Workers trying to use fake ID's from 3rd party companies, Calming down potential altercations that could have happened in the lobby because of Security, The fire alarm going off with the fire department, etc). They refer to everyone as the front desk even though we explained what we do, who has certain access, and who doesn't just because they don't pay attention. Like I said before in the previous email, They will ask us the same thing multiple times even though I made it clear that I am not the person who handles the uniform, we as receptionists don't (Ex: Curtis Jackman on Friday 11/9).

Plus it was brought to my attention that Victoria came for a shoe log even though I never met her. As for Reception, We handle our duties as Receptionists, we help our coworkers, we could avoid this by communicating through a group meeting with Both UA and receptionists to bridge the gap. At the end of the day, I am focused on the end goal of making sure that this building passes the audits, runs smoothly with minimal to no issues and to do the job correctly. 
